### Feature Selection in Counter

Selection takes place for every feature associated with every alignment of every small RNA sequence. It occurs in two phases:
1. Against the candidate feature's attribute key/value pairs, as defined in your reference annotation files.
2. Against the small RNA attributes (strand relative to feature of interest, 5' end nucleotide, and length).

Each rule must be assigned a hierarchy value. A lower value indicates higher selection preference and multiple rules may share the same value. We utilize this value only during the first phase of selection; if multiple features match the attribute key/value pairs defined in your rules, then only the feature(s) with the lowest hierarchy values move to the second selection phase. The remaining features are discarded for the given read alignment. You can use the higher hierarchy values to exclude counts features that are not of interest from features of interest. For example, suppose you have a miRNA locus embedded within a coding gene locus (within an intron for example). By assigning a hierarchy of 1 to miRNA and a hierarchy of 2 to coding genes, all small RNA counts from sequences matching to the miRNA would be excluded from total counts for the coding gene. Reversing the hierarchy such that miRNA had a hierarchy of 2 and coding genes had a hierarchy of 1 would instead exclude reads from sequences matching to the coding gene from total counts for the miRNA. If a hierarchy of 1 was assigned to both miRNAs and coding genes, counts for sequences matching both features would be split between them.

Small RNA reads passing selection will receive a normalized count increment. By default, read counts are normalized twice before being assigned to a feature (these settings can be changed in `run_config.yml`). Counts for each small RNA sequence are divided: 
1. By the number of loci it aligns to in the genome.
2. By the number of selected features for each of its alignments.

Final feature counts will be expressed in terms of a particular feature attribute key such as sequence name (often denoted with `ID` in column 9 of the GFF3, e.g. `ID=let-7` ), which must be specified within the `Name Attribute` column of `features.csv`. In many cases, such as the example above, the identifier in the `Name Attribute` column will simply be `ID` and as the GFF3 is scanned, feature identifiers following `ID=` will be used as feature names.